#ME8720 Assignments

This repo contains all of the files for my ME8720 course assignments in C++. I can't imagine why these would be useful for anyone else. I'm sure it's buggy, not very robust and inefficient. But if you want it for some reason, sure.

These are on GitHub so that I will be able to retain my work in case of a computer failure or if I need to work on them from a different computer. These were migrated from my local computer on 3/28/2020 with pre-existing local version control files (VersionControl folder) dating to 3/8/2020. This folder will no longer be updated now and is retained here only for WCS (worst case scenario) purposes.

The assignments so far have been to build onto a MFC app working toward a simplistic 2D CAD. Assignment 1 was to write Matrix and Vector classes that would support basic operations and transformations. Assignment 2 was to use the matrix and vector classes to generate simple 2D shapes: circle, triangle, and rectangle that would support scaling, translation and rotation. Assignment 3 was to add functionality to create patterns from a series of shapes that would support transformations of the entire pattern or any subset thereof and save patterns for later recall and manipulation. Assignment 4 has yet to be assigned. Currently, this code supports two of the shapes for Assignment 2 with no functionality from assignment 3 yet. The matrix and vector classes are of fixed size in R3 in order to support shapes and transformations in R2. They are not readily scalable to other dimensions.